(A) The title of the homework and the author’s name (you)

Title: CharArrayList (COMP 15 HW 1)

Author: Erin Sarlak

Date: February 2l, 2022


(B) The purpose of the program

This program implements a version of the array list data structures that contains characters.

(C) Acknowledgements for any help you received

Tufts CS15 teacher assistants and the CS15 ppt slides.



(D) The files that you provided and a short description of what each file is and its purpose

CharArrayList.cpp
This file contains the imlementation of the CharArrayList which is the code for functions of the class.

CharArrayList.h
This file contains the definition of the CharArrayList class.


unit_tests.h: 
This file contains the test codes that makes sure that public and private functions that belong to the the class CharArrayList properly works.


(E) How to compile and run your program

Make file is used to compile the program.
The terminal command unit_test is used to specifically stimulate unit_test.



(F) An outline of the data structures and algorithms that you used. Given
that this is a data structures class, you always need to discuss the data
structure that you used and justify why you used it. Specifically for
this assignment please discuss the features of arrays, major advantages
and major disadvantages of utilizing an array list as you have in this
assignment. The algorithm overview may not be relevant depending
on the assignment.

Array Lists:
In this program, array list data structure is employed. This arraylist is a collection that stores various characters. Unlike arrays in C++, array list are flexible lists that may be resized dynamically. Using member functions, characters can be added, removed and replaced while the capacity of the list updates. Integer indexes can be used to access arraylist members/data.

Advantages:
Data can be retrieved based on its index in the list. Thus, the list doesn't need to go through all of the data before the specıfıed index to get to desired data which is a cheap and time efficent.

Disadvantages:
Adding data into and removing data from the list requires shifting the other characters within the array. Thus, especially adding into and removing from the front of the list is espensive and time consuming.


Both Advantage and Disadvantage:
The capacity of the list needs to be updated to grow the list when the caapacity is reached. If the growth factor of array lists is something like 2x, then copying all elements will be relatively time efficent because you won't need do it often whereas the expanded capacity will be space inefficent. A lot of spaces can be wasted when the array get larger than hundreds of slots.

The capacity of the list needs to be updated to grow the list when the caapacity is reached. If the growth factor of array lists is something like orıginal size + a number, then copying all elements will be relatively time inefficent because you will need do it often expanded capacity will be space efficent. A lot of time will be spent because it will copy the entire array to grow the array each time.


(G) Details and an explanation of how you tested the various parts of assignment and the program as a whole. You may reference the testing
files that you submitted to aid in your explanation.

I wrote test functions for each of the member function of the class in unit_test.h file. To test each member function, I specifically wrote unit_test functions that target both regular and adge cases like when the the array list is empty. For example, when testing an insertAt function, I specifially paid attention to adding in front, at the back, and in the middle of the list. I also tested if the function properly threw an error message when the enterd index was out of range. In total, I used 47 unit_test functions to test all of my member function.